https://youtu.be/Yt6HGJy7t8k

Hello, folks. My name is Fyodor. I am glad to introduce myself. I finished Belorussian State Polytechnical Academy. Now it is a National technical university. I majored in economics. For a long time. I work as a supply clerk. I always interested in computers and technologies, but I do not have the chance to work in this area. I always help my friends with computers, software, hardware. All my colleagues ask me to help with the cell phones to fix some problems with computers and I always help them. In 2022, during reduction, I lose my job and I decide to try something new. I thought it is a chance to have something new and to do something I'm interested in. So, in February 2022, I decided to have the course of frontend. I found the school and had the course during half year. We study HTML, CSS, SASS. Then we start learning JavaScript, but it was like a basic knowledge. Then we are study React. We make only one project on React app. After I finish this course I tried to find a job. But after the months of searching I understood then nobody needs to Junior developers and I decided to continue improve my knowledge and have more experience and practice and decide to have a course in RS school. I finished stage zero and I understood that my knowledge of previous school not enough for the job. And everybody needs more experienced people and with more practice. And I decide to continue. And have course, stage number one. So, I'm here. I want to improve my knowledge. I always try to do my best and I always interested in something new and I want to know more. And I understood that technologies, it's not only like JavaScript and react I, I want to know more and I, I'm happy to have this course. Thank you. And, uh, that's it for, for now. I'm happy to have this course. See you.
